all rights rolling man color oh do you
like tapes or cds tapes or cds which one
do you like better do you like tapes or
cds yeah like CDs huh well I CDs all the
fuck it that's it your mouth bigger
that's what he did
Oh
you sure dude this all fucking busted
window I bet us their car oh fuck dude
let's daddy I don't want to be a witness
you're just looking dick holy shit dude
if we can chase I'm fucking fuck dude
what oh my god do I think we just led to
something really bad like girl I do know
DP this is for real some fucking fire up
especially c dash we just witnessed
something they walked around holla
fucking skele slow waiting all around he
was yellow no I dude they fuck you
circled the car looked at any chance you
and then when they're going back in the
house they're putting their la cadera
walkie hellostyle looking all around all
directions how fucking suspicious shit
dude wanna leave I'm like well do one
wrote I was fucking through photo/jack
right now fuck dude holy shit fucking
jack van you're driving a Jeep fuck dude
for the phone with the fucker real deal
JP I don't think we're good i think
we're going the wrong way dude yeah this
doesn't look right man of course road
sure made a left on today's oh my god no
dude right here Walt well but he's got
the GPS on meadow is just listen him
Saints baby
alright and commissioner it's time for
the presentation Lombardi Trophy Saints
baby